[MRG+1] [DOC] Initial update of contributing (#2003)
nilearn/nilearn: CONTRIBUTING.rst

The best way to contribute and to help the project is to start working on known
issues.
See `Good first issues <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/labels/Good%20first%20issue>`_ to get
started.

If an issue does not already exist for a potential contribution, we ask that
you first open an `issue <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/issues>`_ before
sending a :ref:`pull request`.

Opening an issue
================

Nilearn uses issues for tracking bugs, requesting potential features, and
holding project discussions.

Labels can be assigned a variety of issues, such as:

- |Discussion| These issues discuss ongoing discussions on the project where community feedback is requested.
- |Enhancement| These issues discuss potential enhancements or additions to the project.
- |Bug| These issues detail known bugs in the Nilearn code base.

.. |Discussion| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/-Discussion-bfe5bf.svg
.. |Enhancement| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/-Enhancement-fbca04.svg
.. |Bug| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bug-fc2929.svg

.. _pull request:

Pull Requests
=============

We welcome pull requests from all community members.

> You can find our recommended process for opening a pull request in the

Reviewer: Maybe I would phrase this as
```suggestion
We follow the same conventions as scikit-learn. You can find the recommended process to submit code in the
```
